When a Faust application starts and read state and
the change log topic or as it processes data during execution,
it needs to store the current state of the application somewhere.
The first and default option is to simply store the state in memory.
This means that an up-to-date copy of the state of a table
is kept in application memory on every single node.
Well, this is fast and simple to reason about,
it has significant disadvantages.
Every time the application restarts,
it has to completely rebuild state from the Kafka changelog topic.
What happens if we have tens or hundreds of millions of events in our changelog topic.
It might take our application minutes or
even hours to recover and begin processing again,
and for many applications,
that's simply not acceptable.
The point of stream processing application is typically to be fast and work in real-time.
Additionally, what happens if the state of the table is
too large to fit in memory. What do we do?
Because of these significant disadvantages,
it is not recommended to use in-memory storage for anything but
your local testing and development or
datasets are limited and recovery times aren't critical.